src/ast/parser/function/ast_parse_function_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/function/ast_parse_function.c
src/ast/parser/function/ast_parse_function_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/function/ast_parse_function.h
src/ast/parser/class/ast_parse_class_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/class/ast_parse_class.c
src/ast/parser/class/ast_parse_method_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/class/ast_parse_method.c
src/ast/parser/class/ast_parse_class_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/class/ast_parse_class.h
src/ast/parser/class/ast_parse_method_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/class/ast_parse_method.h
src/ast/parser/loop/ast_parse_loop_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/loop/ast_parse_loop.c
src/ast/parser/loop/ast_parse_while_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/loop/ast_parse_while.c
src/ast/parser/loop/ast_parse_loop_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/loop/ast_parse_loop.h
src/ast/parser/loop/ast_parse_while_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/loop/ast_parse_while.h
src/ast/parser/expression/ast_parse_expression_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/expression/ast_parse_expression.c
src/ast/parser/expression/ast_parse_expression_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/expression/ast_parse_expression.h
src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_elif_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_elif.c
src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_else_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_else.c
src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_if_then_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_if_then.c
src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_if_block_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_if_block.c
src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_elif_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_elif.h
src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_else_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_else.h
src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_if_then_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_if_then.h
src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_if_block_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/control/ast_parse_if_block.h
src/ast/parser/statement/ast_parse_statement_simple.c -> src/ast/parser/statement/ast_parse_statement.c
src/ast/parser/statement/ast_parse_statement_simple.h -> src/ast/parser/statement/ast_parse_statement.h
src/misc/ast_parse_print_simple.c -> src/misc/ast_parse_print.c
src/misc/ast_parse_conditional_simple.c -> src/misc/ast_parse_conditional.c
src/misc/ast_parse_print_simple.h -> src/misc/ast_parse_print.h
src/misc/ast_parse_conditional_simple.h -> src/misc/ast_parse_conditional.h
